Update instructions to accommodate separate source repos (#38)
EdwinVW/dapr-workshop: Assignment01/step-by-step-java.md

## Step 1. Run the VehicleRegistration service

> 1. Open the source-code folder in VS Code. This guide assumes VS Code, but feel free to use an editor or IDE you're comfortable with.

Reviewer: I think (but I'm not 100% sure) the preferred writing is **source code** (with a space rather than a dash).

   > Throughout the assignment you can execute all steps in the same instance of editor or IDE window.

1. Open a terminal window.

   > You can do this by using the hotkey ``Ctrl-` `` (Windows) or ``Shift-Ctrl-` `` (macOS).

1. Make sure the current folder is `VehicleRegistrationService`.

1. Start the service using `mvn spring-boot:run`.

> If you receive an error here, please double-check whether or not you have installed all the [prerequisites](../README.md#Prerequisites) for the workshop!

Now you can test whether you can call the VehicleRegistrationService. You can do this using a browser, cURL or some other HTTP client. But there is a convenient way of testing RESTful APIs directly from VS Code (this uses the REST Client extension VS Code):

> 1. Open the file `VehicleRegistrationService/test.http` in your editor. The request in this file simulates retrieving the vehicle- and owner information for a certain license-number.

Reviewer: I think the HTTP request files have a different name in the Java track, but it makes sense to always call them **test.http**. Done in [mthmulders/dapr-workshop-java #f4e0befb](https://github.com/mthmulders/dapr-workshop-java/commit/f4e0befbf63a0f434649873d6a45f5b9c5ca59ac).

1. Make sure the VehicleRegistrationService and FineCollectionService are running (results of step 1 and 2).

1. Open a **new** terminal window in VS Code and make sure the current folder is `TrafficControlService`.

1. Start the service using `mvn spring-boot:run`.

> 1. Open the `TrafficControlService/traffic-control.http` file in VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the `TrafficControlService/test.http` file in VS Code.
```
